MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Solana Token Launcher

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

DISCLAIMER: This software is provided for educational and development purposes. 
Users are responsible for understanding the risks associated with blockchain 
transactions and cryptocurrency operations. Always test on devnet before using 
on mainnet. The authors and contributors are not liable for any financial 
losses or damages resulting from the use of this software.

SECURITY NOTICE: Never commit or share your private keys or wallet files. 
Always keep your wallet files secure and make backups. This software handles 
wallet files locally and does not transmit them over the network, but users 
are responsible for maintaining the security of their private keys.

TOKEN CREATION NOTICE: Creating tokens on Solana mainnet requires SOL for 
transaction fees. Revoking authorities is permanent and irreversible. Users 
should understand the implications of token creation and authority management 
before proceeding with mainnet operations.